>> Brian: And now we're gonna do code
splitting, which is another really,
really cool thing.
But this is specific to Webpack but
it is surprisingly easy.
>> Brian: So if we look at our app here,
my last render had,
>> Brian: 1.4 megabytes of code.
Now granted, this is the dev build, right?
But nonetheless, that's really big, right?
This is a stupid app, and it's
a megabyte of code, which is ridiculous.
Furthermore, we have the interesting
problem that I load this page for
the very first time, so
I load the landing page.
I also get all of the code for
details, and
I get all of the code for
search as well, which I don't need.
I don't need those until later.
So, it would be better if I could split
those up into different chunks that
get loaded progressively,
as I browse it at the app.
Luckily, Webpack kinda does this for
you for
free, if you, kind of s ignal to Webpack,
here's a point where you can cut.
And it's smart enough to figure out, okay,
you cut off this part of
the dependency graph.
So I'm just going to shove this,
everything that this depends on, and
nothing else depends on.
And I'll only load those when I need them.
So, let's go give that a shot.
So, go to Webpack.
>> Speaker 2: Quick question.
Francois is asking basically,
is universal rendering is one way to not
have to configure routes on the server.
Are there other ways?
>> Brian: So yes.
So one of the big wins I probably
should have hit on a little bit more.
Is, notice that we didn't have to do
any sort of routing here on the server,
that it's actually reading from
the routes from the browser.
So, we wrote our routes once, and it
works both on the server and the client.
That's a huge win, right?
So, our friend is asking if there
are other ways to accomplish this.
I think the only way that I can
conceivably think to accomplish that is
that React router has another
way of configuring it.
We configured it with the jsx way.
There's also a way that you
can pass it a config object.
And so you can config your routes there
and pass it to both in the client and
the server and that would work as well.
Other than that you would have to
duplicate the routes everywhere.
That's all I can think of anyway,
or use another router.
Yeah, if you don't have to
worry about react router,
the server side rendering
code is even simpler, right?
In fact I think I can show
you just super quick.
This is another workshop
I've given before.
I just wanted to show you,
completed, app.js.
So this is using co-op,
which is an Express like.
But this is it right here if you don't
have to worry about React Router,
renderToString, send it down.
>> Brian: That's it, that's all the server
side rendering code if you don't
have to worry about React Router.
React Router just has a bunch
of additional concerns.
>> Speaker 2: A question, will the server
side rendering be good for SEO as well?
>> Brian: Yes, so yeah the Google
bot can just pull down HTML and
it can do all its crawling of that.
It doesn't have to know that
it was server side rendered or
anything like that and
it makes SEO much better.
It's actually probably one of the biggest
wins, I just don't think a lot about SEO.
>> Brian: All right, so
let's go back to code splitting.
>> Brian: So
come back to your Webpack config.
The first thing you'll have to realize is
we're gonna start splitting our code into
multiple bundles.
But we have to let Webpack know, hey,
here's where you serve those bundles from.
Right, cuz it's gonna
download the first bundle.
And then you need to tell it
the additional bundles will be here to
download them.
So we just have to give it a public path,
which mind you,
>> Brian: no, it's here in the output.
So here, inside of output,
which is different than devServer.
I know devServer has a public path, but
output also needs a public path,
which is also the same thing.
>> Brian: So publicPath:/public/ inside
of the output config object.
Again just letting Webpack know as once
you've downloaded this is where you get
additional bundles.
>> Speaker 2: Martin is wondering why is
the async rating loading so slowly now?
>> Brian: I don't know if it's
loading any slower than it was.
Check it and call your ISP.
I'm just kidding.
Blame Comcast.
>> Brian: Well, if you're loading the
page, it has to do service side rendering.
It has to send it down the wire, it has
to load the HTML, parts the JavaScript.
React has to bootstrap,
your app has to bootstrap.
At that point component will call,
and it'll make that call.
So that might be 20 milliseconds slower,
100 milliseconds slower,
depending on your internet speed.
So for me it's not perceivably any slower,
but we're on fast wi-fi, so.
But it could be a bit slower,
>> Brian: Or
maybe OMDB is just being slower right now.